# athos_heep

Different app- and run-commands for KEM
```
app-testvectors-kem-kyber512_clean                run-testvector-kem-kyber512-clean-questasim
app-testvectors-kem-kyber768_clean                run-testvector-kem-kyber768-clean-questasim
app-testvectors-kem-kyber1024_clean               run-testvector-kem-kyber1024-clean-questasim
app-testvectors-kem-kyber512-90s_clean            run-testvector-kem-kyber512-90s-clean-questasim
app-testvectors-kem-kyber768-90s_clean            run-testvector-kem-kyber768-90s-clean-questasim
app-testvectors-kem-kyber1024-90s_clean           run-testvector-kem-kyber1024-90s-clean-questasim
app-testvectors-kem-hqc-rmrs-128_clean            run-testvector-kem-hqc-rmrs-128-clean-questasim
app-testvectors-kem-hqc-rmrs-192_clean            run-testvector-kem-hqc-rmrs-192-clean-questasim
app-testvectors-kem-hqc-rmrs-256_clean            run-testvector-kem-hqc-rmrs-256-clean-questasim
app-testvectors-kem-mceliece348864_clean          run-testvector-kem-mceliece348864-clean-questasim
app-testvectors-kem-mceliece348864f_clean         run-testvector-kem-mceliece348864f-clean-questasim
app-testvectors-kem-mceliece460896_clean          run-testvector-kem-mceliece460896-clean-questasim
app-testvectors-kem-mceliece460896f_clean         run-testvector-kem-mceliece460896f-clean-questasim
app-testvectors-kem-mceliece6688128_clean         run-testvector-kem-mceliece6688128-clean-questasim
app-testvectors-kem-mceliece6688128f_clean        run-testvector-kem-mceliece6688128f-clean-questasim
app-testvectors-kem-mceliece6960119_clean         run-testvector-kem-mceliece6960119-clean-questasim
app-testvectors-kem-mceliece6960119f_clean        run-testvector-kem-mceliece6960119f-clean-questasim
app-testvectors-kem-mceliece8192128_clean         run-testvector-kem-mceliece8192128-clean-questasim
app-testvectors-kem-mceliece8192128f_clean        run-testvector-kem-mceliece8192128f-clean-questasim
```

Different app- and run-commands for SIGN
```
app-testvectors-sign-dilithium3_clean            run-testvector-sign-dilithium3-clean-questasim
app-testvectors-sign-dilithium5_clean            run-testvector-sign-dilithium5-clean-questasim
app-testvectors-sign-falcon-512_clean            run-testvector-sign-falcon-512-clean-questasim
app-testvectors-sign-falcon-1024_clean           run-testvector-sign-falcon-1024-clean-questasim
app-testvectors-sign-sphincs-sha2-128f-simple_clean   run-testvector-sign-sphincs-sha2-128f-simple-clean-questasim
app-testvectors-sign-sphincs-sha2-128s-simple_clean   run-testvector-sign-sphincs-sha2-128s-simple-clean-questasim
app-testvectors-sign-sphincs-sha2-192f-simple_clean   run-testvector-sign-sphincs-sha2-192f-simple-clean-questasim
app-testvectors-sign-sphincs-sha2-192s-simple_clean   run-testvector-sign-sphincs-sha2-192s-simple-clean-questasim
app-testvectors-sign-sphincs-sha2-256f-simple_clean   run-testvector-sign-sphincs-sha2-256f-simple-clean-questasim
app-testvectors-sign-sphincs-sha2-256s-simple_clean   run-testvector-sign-sphincs-sha2-256s-simple-clean-questasim
app-testvectors-sign-sphincs-shake-128f-simple_clean  run-testvector-sign-sphincs-shake-128f-simple-clean-questasim
app-testvectors-sign-sphincs-shake-128s-simple_clean  run-testvector-sign-sphincs-shake-128s-simple-clean-questasim
app-testvectors-sign-sphincs-shake-192f-simple_clean  run-testvector-sign-sphincs-shake-192f-simple-clean-questasim
app-testvectors-sign-sphincs-shake-192s-simple_clean  run-testvector-sign-sphincs-shake-192s-simple-clean-questasim
app-testvectors-sign-sphincs-shake-256f-simple_clean  run-testvector-sign-sphincs-shake-256f-simple-clean-questasim
app-testvectors-sign-sphincs-shake-256s-simple_clean  run-testvector-sign-sphincs-shake-256s-simple-clean-questasim
```